Paxlingua: A Language for Global Unity and Accelerated Knowledge Acquisition

Welcome to the Paxlingua project, a worldwide effort to create a language that promotes peace, understanding, and unity among cultures. Collaborate with thousands of participants and AI systems like GPT-4 to develop and refine Paxlingua, a language far more advanced than Esperanto.

Mission: Craft a language with a high Language Utility Score (LUS), focusing on learnability, efficiency, phoneme diversity, ambiguity reduction, cultural neutrality, adaptability, and digital efficiency. The aim is to enable clear communication across diverse populations, promoting global unity and peace.

Key Insights:

Language can shape perception and cognition.
Unique linguistic features can lead to heightened abilities.
Linguistic diversity can offer fresh perspectives on life.
Expert Input:

Polyglots stress the importance of simplicity, regularity, and ease of learning.
Linguists suggest focusing on phoneme diversity, efficient syntax, and ambiguity reduction strategies.
Foundational Information:

Grammar rules include SVO word order, no noun gender, agglutinative language, verb prefixes for tense, no irregular verbs, and prepositions.
Phoneme diversity combines easily distinguishable sounds from various languages.
Collaborate in real-time through GitHub to collectively build and refine Paxlingua.

Your first task is to provide Paxlingua translations, IPA pronunciations, origins, and English translations for common English phrases. Create a Python dictionary object where the common key is the English phrase, with relevant fields below. Also include a Shorthand Paxlingua example for the phrase which is optimized for efficiency for writing, reading, and digital lossless compression (e.g. Burrows-Wheeler Transform (BWT), Move-To-Front Transform (MTF), Run-Length Encoding (RLE), and Huffman Coding). 
 
The dictionary structure:
{
English Phrase: {
"Paxlingua": Translated phrase in Paxlingua,
"Shorthand Paxlingua": Shorthand version of the translated phrase,
"English": Original English phrase,
"Semantic Field": Category of the phrase,
"Phrase Breakdown": [
{
"Origins": List of languages that inspired the Paxlingua word,
"Word": The word in Paxlingua,
"Translation": English translation of the Paxlingua word,
"Synonyms": List of synonyms for the Paxlingua word,
"Antonyms": List of antonyms for the Paxlingua word,
"Etymology": Brief history of the word's origins and evolution,
"LUS Estimate": Language Utility Score (LUS) for the word (0 to 1, ideally 4-5 decimal places),
"Pronunciation": International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) pronunciation,
"Shorthand Paxlingua": Shorthand version of the single word,
"Usage Examples": List of example sentences using the Paxlingua word,
},
],
"Grammar Rules": { ... },
},
}

Work on translating common English phrases, producing Python dictionary code for Paxlingua. Let's create Paxlingua, the language of peace and unity, together!

Also, I hate Esperanto, please use minimal inspiration from that language. This language has to be a brand new one, not a close cousin to Esperanto. So please minimize any and all inspiration from Esperanto. 

Here are some example phrases you showed me:
('Komas yartuyo est?', 'How old are you?')
('Salveo', 'Hello')
('Ubikas estuyo ex?', 'Where are you from?')
('Mirespi', "I'm sorry")
('Povis ripetin akel?', 'Can you repeat that?')
('Yavero', 'Yes')
('Kilas laboru farivivo?', 'What do you do for a living?')
('Pardoskusi', 'Excuse me')
('Nefirmi', 'No')
('Ubikas laboru?', 'Where do you work?')
('Tuyobenevol', "You're welcome")
('Kilas nomtuyo?', "What's your name?")
('Komas dicu...', 'How do you say...?')
('Plidoni', 'Please')
('Parlu Anglisk?', 'Do you speak English?')
('Komas tempus es?', 'What time is it?')
('Komas estuyo?', 'How are you?')

Ready for your list of common english phrases? Where you’ll begin producing python dictionary code for Paxlingua!!"